
Privacy Policy

We are committed to protecting your privacy and personal data. Therefore, we use your personal data strictly within the legal limits of the applicable data protection laws.

With this privacy policy, we inform you of the personal data we collect when you use our services.

1 Definition of public, private and personal data
iCycling doesnt use any kind of private or personal data

2 How we use the information we collect
We will not share, sell or transfer any “Personal Data” to third parties without users’ express consent.

3 Disclaimer
The materials on the App are provided on an “as is”, “as available” and “with all faults” basis. Translated srl makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaim and negate all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, ability to meet your needs, non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights, title, custom, trade, quiet enjoyment, system integration and freedom from computer virus as to (a) the App, (b) Translated’s service or (c) security associated with the transmission of information to Matesub or via services provided by Matesub. Furthermore, Translated srl does not warrant or make any representations concerning the correctness, accuracy, currency, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on the Website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this App.

The use of Matesub is at the user’s own sole risk and the user is entirely responsible for its use of Matesub. Translated srl takes all reasonable measures necessary to try to ensure that Matesub is free from viruses and defects but cannot guarantee that the user’s computer equipment, hardware or software or any data stored or created by the user’s computer equipment, hardware or software (collectively, “Equipment”) will not be damaged, corrupted, lost or otherwise affected if the user accesses or uses Matesub. Further, Translated srl does not warrant that Matesub or any service or feature of Matesub will be error-free or uninterrupted, or that any defects will be corrected, or that the service or the server that makes Matesub’s service available is free from any harm.

Translated srl disclaims any and all liability for the acts, omissions and conducts of any third parties in connection with or related to the user’s use of Matesub, including without limitation any liability for any third-party content, information, statement, available on or through the, under criminal or civil laws relating to defamation, intellectual property infringement, privacy, obscenity, or other areas of law.

